add v1.5.8 release notes to CHANGELOG (#1822)
openfga/openfga: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ## [1.5.8] - 2024-08-07

Reviewer: **Reminder:** You need to add the `[1.5.8]` link at the bottom of the CHANGELOG.

Reviewer 2: This wasn't addressed 🤔

Author: @rhamzeh added it 🙇

### Added
* Performance improvements for userset when it is pointing to a computed relation in Check [#1793](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1793)
* Performance improvements by batching the userset results in Check

> * Added new logging for Check requests to log the number of hits that each node in the graph of the authorization model receives. This can be enabled using the `OPENFGA_CHECK_TRACKER_ENABLED` flag. [#1785](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1785)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Logging number of cache hits for each subproblem of each authorization model for `Check` API calls. Enabled with the `OPENFGA_CHECK_TRACKER_ENABLED` flag. [#1785](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1785)
```

> * We now support aliases for issuers and subject validation in OIDC AuthN mode using `OPENFGA_AUTHN_OIDC_ISSUER_ALIASES` and `OPENFGA_AUTHN_OIDC_SUBJECTS` respectively [#1784](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1784) Thanks @Code2Life!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Aliases for issuers and subject validation in OIDC AuthN mode using `OPENFGA_AUTHN_OIDC_ISSUER_ALIASES` and `OPENFGA_AUTHN_OIDC_SUBJECTS` respectively [#1784](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1784) Thanks @Code2Life!
```

> * We have added Dispatch Throttling for our List Users endpoint. This can be enabled using `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_ENABLED`  [#1658](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1658)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dispatch Throttling for our `ListUsers` API. This can be enabled using `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_ENABLED` and the env variables below.  [#1658](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1658)
```

  * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_THRESHOLD` - The number of dispatches allowed before throttling is triggered
  * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_MAX_THRESHOLD` - The maximum number of dispatches allowed before the request is rejected
  * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_FREQUENCY` - The frequency at which the deprioritized throttling queue is processed

### Fixed

> * TODO: Will will fill this one 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `"expected exactly one terminal relation for fast path, received 2"` error during `Check` for models with multiple conditions or type restrictions with and without a condition. [#1814](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1814)
```

## [Unreleased]

## [1.5.8] - 2024-08-07

[Full changelog](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/compare/v1.5.7...v1.5.8)

### Added

> * Performance improvements for userset when it is pointing to a computed relation in Check [#1793](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1793)
> * Performance improvements by batching the userset results in Check

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Performance improvements for Check API:
   - introduce an optimization when the input request relation is pointing to a computed relation [#1793](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1793)
   - batch calls that compute membership checks and start processing them earlier [#1804](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1804)
```

* Logging number of cache hits for each subproblem of each authorization model for `Check` API calls. Enabled with the `OPENFGA_CHECK_TRACKER_ENABLED` flag. [#1785](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1785)
* Aliases for issuers and subject validation in OIDC AuthN mode using `OPENFGA_AUTHN_OIDC_ISSUER_ALIASES` and `OPENFGA_AUTHN_OIDC_SUBJECTS` respectively [#1784](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1784) Thanks @Code2Life!
* Dispatch Throttling for our `ListUsers` API. This can be enabled using `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_ENABLED` and the env variables below.  [#1658](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1658)
  * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_THRESHOLD` - The number of dispatches allowed before throttling is triggered
  * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_MAX_THRESHOLD` - The maximum number of dispatches allowed before the request is rejected
  * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_FREQUENCY` - The frequency at which the deprioritized throttling queue is processed

### Fixed

> * `"expected exactly one terminal relation for fast path, received 2"` error during `Check` for models with multiple conditions or type restrictions with and without a condition. [#1814](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1814)

Reviewer 3: Is it only an issue if (2), not 2+?

```suggestion
* address `"expected exactly one terminal relation for fast path, received {num}"` error during `Check` for models with type restrictions with and without a condition or with multiple conditions. [#1814](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1814)
```

   - introduce an optimization when the input request relation is pointing to a computed relation [#1793](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1793)
   - batch calls that compute membership checks and start processing them earlier [#1804](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1804)
* Logging number of cache hits for each subproblem of each authorization model for `Check` API calls. Enabled with the `OPENFGA_CHECK_TRACKER_ENABLED` flag. [#1785](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1785)
* Aliases for issuers and subject validation in OIDC AuthN mode using `OPENFGA_AUTHN_OIDC_ISSUER_ALIASES` and `OPENFGA_AUTHN_OIDC_SUBJECTS` respectively [#1784](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1784) Thanks @Code2Life!
* Dispatch Throttling for our `ListUsers` API. This can be enabled using `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_ENABLED` and the env variables below.  [#1658](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1658)
  * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_THRESHOLD` - The number of dispatches allowed before throttling is triggered
  * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_MAX_THRESHOLD` - The maximum number of dispatches allowed before the request is rejected

>   * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_FREQUENCY` - The frequency at which the deprioritized throttling queue is processed
> 
> ### Fixed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `OPENFGA_LIST_USERS_DISPATCH_THROTTLING_FREQUENCY` - The frequency at which the deprioritized throttling queue is processed
* Support sending contextual tuples in the Write Assertions API. [#1821](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1821)

### Fixed
```
